Not them.
Mr. Shen, this is the project I found first.
As long as we invest the existing funds of the group.
It doesn't take three months to solve the company's existing funding problems.
Wouldn't it be too risky to do this?
There are risks, but there is no place more effective than this.
I swear on my character that it's done.
Thank you Boss Jiang for the opportunity.
Since there's nothing else, I'll leave first. etc.
Miss Shui, what about Jiang Mian?
Jiang Mian is the young master Sun of the Jiang family.
If you want the heir of the Jiang family to survive, you have to pay the same amount.
That half a million.
That five hundred thousand is not a meeting gift you gave to my granddaughter-in-law who just passed away.
Could it be that I understood it wrong?
That's right, Miss Sun, that little money will be used as a meeting gift.
There is still room for us to help each other in the future
You don’t want to be with a sick man for the rest of your life, right?
Who knows? Before I finish what I want to do
I will never leave the Jiang family
Thank you also for capturing me to repay Jiang Ming’s debt.
By the way, don’t call me Miss Sun from now on.
Call me Mrs. Jiang or Mrs. Sun from the Jiang family